"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." — Anonymous
"So many books, so little time." — Frank Zappa
"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don’t matter, and those who matter don’t mind." — Bernard M. Baruch
"You know you’re in love when you can’t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams." — Dr. Seuss
"You only live once, but if you work it right, once is enough." — Joe E. Lewis
"Be the change that you wish to see in the world." — Mahatma Gandhi
"In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: it goes on." — Robert Frost
"If you want to know what a man’s like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals." — J.K. Rowling
"If you tell the truth, you don’t have to remember anything." — Anonymous
"I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel." — Anonymous
"A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you." — Elbert Hubbard
"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all." — Oscar Wilde
"Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much." — Percy Colson
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that." — Martin Luther King Jr.
"Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever." — Mahatma Gandhi
"We accept the love we think we deserve." — Stephen Chbosky
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." — Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results." — Narcotics Anonymous
"It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not." — Andre Gide
"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do." — H. Jackson Brown Jr
"It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities." — J.K. Rowling
"Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it’s better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring." — Marilyn Monroe
"There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle." — Albert Einstein
"It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live." — J.K. Rowling
"We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars." — Oscar Wilde
"Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten." — Neil Gaiman
"The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool." — William Shakespeare
"It is better to remain silent at the risk of being thought a fool, than to talk and remove all doubt of it." — Maurice Switzer
"Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect." — Mark Twain
"Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans." — Allen Saunders
"Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present." — Bill Keane
"I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work." — Thomas A. Edison
"A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it’s in hot water." — Eleanor Roosevelt
"The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read." — Mark Twain
"Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." — Roy T. Bennett
"Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days." — Zig Ziglar
"Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms—to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one’s own way." — Viktor E. Frankl
"Success is never final; failure is never fatal; it is the courage to continue that counts." — Anonymous
"He who says he can and he who says he can’t are both usually right." — Confucius
"The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible." — Arthur C. Clarke
"I’ve missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game-winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life — and that is why I succeed." — Michael Jordan
"The only man who never makes a mistake is the man who never does anything." — Theodore Roosevelt
"It is never too late to be what you might have been." — Adelaide Anne Procter
"Either you run the day or the day runs you." — Jim Rohn
"Opportunity is often missed because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work." — Anonymous
"The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any." — Alice Walker
"Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears." — Les Brown
"If you always do what you’ve always done, you always get what you’ve always gotten." — Jessie Potter
"It is your decisions, and not your conditions, that determine your destiny." — Tony Robbins
"Never say never, because limits, like fears, are often just an illusion." — Michael Jordan
"Turn your wounds into wisdom." — Oprah Winfrey
"Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure." — Marianne Williamson
"Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself." — Leo Tolstoy
"What you’re supposed to do when you don’t like a thing is change it. If you can’t change it, change the way you think about it. Don’t complain." — Maya Angelou
"Death is being alive and not knowing it." — Anonymous
"Of course motivation is not permanent. But then, neither is bathing; but it is something you should do on a regular basis." — Zig Ziglar
"The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why." — Anonymous
"The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity." — Amelia Earhart
"You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take." — Wayne Gretzky
"Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear." — George Addair
"There are few things more liberating in this life than having your worst fear realized." — Conan O’Brien
"It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all—in which case, you fail by default." — J.K. Rowling
"You drown not by falling into the river, but by staying submerged in it." — Paulo Coelho
"Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength." — Arnold Schwarzenegger
"You’re already in pain. You’re already hurt. Use it! Do something with it! Get a reward from it. Allow your pain to push you to greatness." — Eric Thomas
"There’s no excuse to not be the hardest worker in the room, whatever it may be, your job, the gym, your relationship. Your name’s attached to it, and that has to mean more than anything." — Greg Plitt